>> Steve Kinney: And so with the item,
right, for add we want to go ahead and,
>> Steve Kinney: List.items.push[new Item]
with all the properties in there.
So I'm actually,
before I had wrote destructure and
I turned it into regular ones,
I don't want to care too much about
the order in there, I just want the value.
Actually we'll say value,
I think that'll work.
So take the value and then we want
to pass a reference to this list so
it can go ahead and remove itself.
>> Steve Kinney: So here's a new item.
This is what your name is,
and this is who I am
when you need to ask me to remove you from
this list, right, so it has a reference.
And before when we do this in redox,
we need to know the ID of everything.
This is we just pointed the full object,
right, cuz that referential
quality will just work in this
case cuz they are the same object.
And then we'll do a action.bound.
>> Steve Kinney: Hold on,
we'll actually do this.items.filter
>> Steve Kinney: So
we get a reference to that item, and
we'll do the trick we've done before.
But we don't need to check the ID,
we can literally look in memory, are you
the one in memory that we had before?
>> Steve Kinney: Except we can't name
them both item cuz that doesn't work.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll call
this one item to remove.
>> Steve Kinney: So
go through all the items,
see are you the item to remove.
And honestly like that is our
state management piece, right.
Where they're just objects that kind
of communicate and talk to each other.
A lot of the, it's effectively a graph
provenance of a tree problem that we
hadn't Redux and we'll talk a little bit
about the trade offs at the very end.
But it's like this is
an item has a remove method,
when you call that it tells the list,
hey, take me off the array.
You have a toggle on the item which
flips its Boolean value back and forth.